Link Prototype Kit repo README to security policy (#1101)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit: README.md

You must protect user privacy at all times, even when using prototypes. Prototypes made with the kit look like GOV.UK, but do not have the same security provisions. Always make sure you are handling user data appropriately.

### Report a security vulnerability

GDS is an advocate of responsible vulnerability disclosure. If you’ve found a vulnerability, we would like to know so we can fix it.

> For full details on how to tell us about vulnerabilities, [see our security policy](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system/security/policy).

Author: ```suggestion
For full details on how to tell us about vulnerabilities, [see our security policy](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/security/policy).
```
